Isolated I18n (#660)
github/view_component: docs/index.md

</div>
```

##### Translations (experimental)

> To use experimental support `I18n` translations, include `ViewComponent::SidecarI18n`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use experimental support for `I18n` translations, include `ViewComponent::SidecarI18n`:
```

`app/components/example_component.rb`

```ruby
module ExampleComponent < ApplicationComponent
  include ViewComponent::SidecarI18n
end
```

> Then add a sidecar YAML file with translations for the component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a sidecar YAML file with translations for the component:
```

`app/components/example_component.yml`

```yml
en:
  hello: "Hello world!"
```

> The translations will then be available as usual:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access translations as usual:
```

`app/components/example_component.html.erb`

```erb
<p><%= t("hello") %></p>
```

> To access global translations, explicitly mention `helper` or `I18n`:

Reviewer: Would it be possible to have `t` also access global translations? I think it's a little awkward to re-define `t` with a local scope and then expect consumers to know when to use the `helpers` prefix.

</div>
```

##### Translations (experimental)

> To use experimental support for `I18n` translations, include `ViewComponent::SidecarI18n`:

Reviewer: What do you think about renaming this to `Translatable` be more idiomatic Ruby?

```suggestion
To use experimental support for `I18n` translations, include `ViewComponent::Translatable`:
```

Author: That's a great suggestion, it fits well with existing modules 👍

`app/components/example_component.rb`

```ruby
module ExampleComponent < ApplicationComponent
  include ViewComponent::Translatable
end
```

Add a sidecar YAML file with translations for the component:

`app/components/example_component.yml`

```yml
en:
  hello: "Hello world!"
```

Access translations as usual:

`app/components/example_component.html.erb`

```erb

> <p><%= t("hello") %></p>

Reviewer 2: Is this still accurate? Do we need to update the docs to use the "lazy" format? e.g. `t(".hello")`?

</div>
```

##### Translations (experimental)

To use experimental support for `I18n` translations, include `ViewComponent::SidecarI18n`:

`app/components/example_component.rb`

```ruby
module ExampleComponent < ApplicationComponent
  include ViewComponent::SidecarI18n
end
```

Add a sidecar YAML file with translations for the component:

`app/components/example_component.yml`

```yml
en:
  hello: "Hello world!"
```

Access translations as usual:

`app/components/example_component.html.erb`

```erb
<p><%= t("hello") %></p>
```

Global Rails translations are available as well:

```erb
<%= t("my.global.translation") %>
```

> If you have Rails translations shadowed by the sidecar file you can access
> them using `helpers` or `I18n`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global translations shadowed by sidecar translations can be accessed with `helpers` or `I18n`:
```

</div>
```

> ##### Translations

Reviewer 2: Can we mark this as experimental similar to how we've marked V2 as experimental?

The goal is to include this for V3 but don't want to commit to a specific API/behavior until then.

> In order to support `I18n` translations scoped to the component you can include `ViewComponent::SidecarI18n`
> into your component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use experimental support `I18n` translations, include `ViewComponent::SidecarI18n`:
```

`app/components/example_component.rb`

```ruby
module ExampleComponent < ApplicationComponent
  include ViewComponent::SidecarI18n
end
```

> This allows for adding a "sidecar" YAML file that will define translations for the component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add a sidecar YAML file with translations for the component:
```

`app/components/example_component.yml`

```yml
en:

>   # This key will be expanded to `en.example_component.hello`

Reviewer: What happens if there are multiple `example_component`s? Perhaps we need to hash this identifier?

  hello: "Hello world!"
```

The translations will then be available as usual:

`app/components/example_component.html.erb`

```erb
<p><%= t("hello") %></p>
```

> It's important to notice that if the component needs to access global translations
> that can be done explicitly mentioning `helper` or `I18n`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access global translations, explicitly mention `helper` or `I18n`:
```

That being said, I don't know if this is ideal. I feel like we shouldn't have to require folks to use two different APIs here.
